
This is a 10 bit noise-shaping successive-approximation-register dataconverter.
By default the ADC performs second-order incremental sigma-delta noise-shaping
and decimates the output using a matching second-order CIC filter.

Note! the analog input signal is sampled on the falling edge of the SAMPLE_CLK
and is tracked when the SAMPLE_CLK is high.

The controller adaptively times the internal control such that only the 
sample clock is neccessary to operate the system. The sampling frequency 
should be adjusted according to the desired oversampling ratio, that is
2 * fnyquist * (OSR * 4 + 2) = fsampling. When OSR is not zero there is a minimum
oversampling ratio of 6 and each OSR code increments this factor by 4.

When the OSR code is zero this noise-shaping functionality is by passed and
the sar result is directly available at the output when the gain is at 15. 
For basic SAR operation the analog must also be disabled using the 
ANALOG_ENABLE flag. Note in this case the DONE flag is always high and
the REFC voltage is used during sampling.

When using non-zero OSR codes the converter uses an internal timer to decimate
the output. The DONE flag is used to specify when the data is ready and should
also be used the trigger when input should be multiplexed. This signal
resets both the analog-loop filter and the decimation integrators which 
garantees independent conversions. When DONE_OVERRIDE is forced low this 
reset behavior is by-passed and the system can operate as a conventional
sigma-delta converter. 

By default the override signals should no be used unless we are debugging 
internal functionality. There are several analog test signals that allow 
the internal loop-filter voltages to be monitored. Additionally the 
EXTERNAL_CLK override control disables the asynchronous operation and forces
the use of the external clock for more conventional SAR operation. The 
digital debug allows introspection of fsm and decimator outputs to check
timing and conversion results.
